the constitution and now what it says then we remember that sleep says that
italy is a democratic republic based on work sovereignty
it belongs to the people who exercise furniture min
my limits of constitution atta mind says that power has it
constitution
is that the people can exercise according to what the constitution is
win us in the new article of the new constitutional charter let's say another
thing
we say that the state as the sole purpose is to create the conditions
best for the individual to express himself in society according to i
own wishes
and that the state fish from individual personal choices and is limited
5 basic services that are the guarantee of public health
there is the guarantee of the public school the guarantee of transport the guarantee
of security and defense
after this the individual citizen is responsible for his own cavity
late and own desires of one's actions of what one wishes for oneself
and for those who
eh buys is ubulibri tied
the new constitution provides for the article
this here immediately after article 17
that every citizen is obliged if he wants to enjoy citizenship
Italian and the opportunities associated with it to pay a fixed fee
because it cannot be increased more than 15% based on the requirement
state history
so if today we propose 3000 euros 23,000 euros can never be
above a figure that is 15% more
finally the Italian raimon more with the south more all so worse
together with absolutely no player adherence between those who pay 3000 euros in
calabria who pays
the 3000 euros in a street bar
this means that there will be the same services that will be available in Lombardy
also in Calabria
This is a moment of great change this is a moment
I would say of epochal changes
challenge the thoughts of everyone to imagine and think that
this is the right occasion the only great opportunity for a great
change
and great changes are those that are certain in the future within the
advice to look at the past we will not have the opportunity
and it will open ref. us a chasm
insurmountable that will make us all fall
if we will have the courage to look beyond fact as at all a christopher
Colombo asked to look into the future we will find a new country a country
best a country
that worries
d trial satisfying and contributing to the satisfaction of everyone's desires
what in the article
in article r22 of the constitution in this regard
precisely because I speak of monocracy his blood to the elected head of state
up to 75 years old
encompasses all three powers of the state, that is, the executive power the
legislative power the judiciary and therefore will come - all assemblies
also because we know that two people
two spouses fight for much less
think about how to get people to agree
let go to a small town and then we will have instead the article 22 contemplated
that the popular consultations will take place every 5 years for the election
of the national popular college
the national popular college will consist of 45 members elected by the people
heatran an advisory character
for the head of state, international internal policy guidelines
at what time the head of the people elected by the people was now governed by the people
up to 75 years perfect
and we must not worry about the dictatorship is not that if the fault is not
is that if there is democracy there is no dictatorship and if there is no
democracy is dictatorship
these are ancient past concert concepts
a head of state in a state that must guarantee only 5 services
you can't be the dictator of anything
because the constitutional charter states that individuals are free to do so
who wants
in the state
pay 3000 euros as long as you wait for the 25 articles of the constitution
the problem does not exist because the head of state must also respect them